c:\Users\xalph\OneDrive\Documentos\Audiovisual\Game Dev\Jogos Raylib\RaylibCSharpGame\MyFirstCsGame\bin\Debug\net8.0\MyFirstCsGame.exe
c:\Users\xalph\OneDrive\Documentos\Audiovisual\Game Dev\Jogos Raylib\RaylibCSharpGame\MyFirstCsGame\bin\Debug\net8.0\MyFirstCsGame.deps.json
c:\Users\xalph\OneDrive\Documentos\Audiovisual\Game Dev\Jogos Raylib\RaylibCSharpGame\MyFirstCsGame\bin\Debug\net8.0\MyFirstCsGame.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\xalph\OneDrive\Documentos\Audiovisual\Game Dev\Jogos Raylib\RaylibCSharpGame\MyFirstCsGame\bin\Debug\net8.0\MyFirstCsGame.dll
c:\Users\xalph\OneDrive\Documentos\Audiovisual\Game Dev\Jogos Raylib\RaylibCSharpGame\MyFirstCsGame\bin\Debug\net8.0\MyFirstCsGame.pdb
c:\Users\xalph\OneDrive\Documentos\Audiovisual\Game Dev\Jogos Raylib\RaylibCSharpGame\MyFirstCsGame\bin\Debug\net8.0\Raylib-cs.dll
c:\Users\xalph\OneDrive\Documentos\Audiovisual\Game Dev\Jogos Raylib\RaylibCSharpGame\MyFirstCsGame\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\linux-x64\native\libraylib.so
c:\Users\xalph\OneDrive\Documentos\Audiovisual\Game Dev\Jogos Raylib\RaylibCSharpGame\MyFirstCsGame\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\osx-arm64\native\libraylib.dylib
c:\Users\xalph\OneDrive\Documentos\Audiovisual\Game Dev\Jogos Raylib\RaylibCSharpGame\MyFirstCsGame\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\osx-x64\native\libraylib.dylib
c:\Users\xalph\OneDrive\Documentos\Audiovisual\Game Dev\Jogos Raylib\RaylibCSharpGame\MyFirstCsGame\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-x64\native\raylib.dll
c:\Users\xalph\OneDrive\Documentos\Audiovisual\Game Dev\Jogos Raylib\RaylibCSharpGame\MyFirstCsGame\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-x86\native\raylib.dll
c:\Users\xalph\OneDrive\Documentos\Audiovisual\Game Dev\Jogos Raylib\RaylibCSharpGame\MyFirstCsGame\obj\Debug\net8.0\MyFirstCsGame.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\xalph\OneDrive\Documentos\Audiovisual\Game Dev\Jogos Raylib\RaylibCSharpGame\MyFirstCsGame\obj\Debug\net8.0\MyFirstCsGame.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\xalph\OneDrive\Documentos\Audiovisual\Game Dev\Jogos Raylib\RaylibCSharpGame\MyFirstCsGame\obj\Debug\net8.0\MyFirstCsGame.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\xalph\OneDrive\Documentos\Audiovisual\Game Dev\Jogos Raylib\RaylibCSharpGame\MyFirstCsGame\obj\Debug\net8.0\MyFirstCsGame.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\xalph\OneDrive\Documentos\Audiovisual\Game Dev\Jogos Raylib\RaylibCSharpGame\MyFirstCsGame\obj\Debug\net8.0\MyFirstCsGame.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\xalph\OneDrive\Documentos\Audiovisual\Game Dev\Jogos Raylib\RaylibCSharpGame\MyFirstCsGame\obj\Debug\net8.0\MyFirstC.74EB0E52.Up2Date
c:\Users\xalph\OneDrive\Documentos\Audiovisual\Game Dev\Jogos Raylib\RaylibCSharpGame\MyFirstCsGame\obj\Debug\net8.0\MyFirstCsGame.dll
c:\Users\xalph\OneDrive\Documentos\Audiovisual\Game Dev\Jogos Raylib\RaylibCSharpGame\MyFirstCsGame\obj\Debug\net8.0\refint\MyFirstCsGame.dll
c:\Users\xalph\OneDrive\Documentos\Audiovisual\Game Dev\Jogos Raylib\RaylibCSharpGame\MyFirstCsGame\obj\Debug\net8.0\MyFirstCsGame.pdb
c:\Users\xalph\OneDrive\Documentos\Audiovisual\Game Dev\Jogos Raylib\RaylibCSharpGame\MyFirstCsGame\obj\Debug\net8.0\MyFirstCsGame.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\xalph\OneDrive\Documentos\Audiovisual\Game Dev\Jogos Raylib\RaylibCSharpGame\MyFirstCsGame\obj\Debug\net8.0\ref\MyFirstCsGame.dll
c:\Users\xalph\OneDrive\Documentos\Audiovisual\Game Dev\Jogos Raylib\RaylibCSharpGame\MyFirstCsGame\obj\Debug\net8.0\MyFirstCsGame.sourcelink.json
